1. Problem: OS image not booting
   Symptom: boot loop keeps running
   Time to fix problem: 2 hours
   Action done to fix problem: devel being used was broken so used another group member's devel

2. Problem: RTC tests not working
   Symptom: screen of characters is not blinking
   Time to fix problem: 3 hours and counting
   Action done to fix problem:

3. Problem: RTC not changing frequency
   Symptom: Screen blinks at same rate as it was intialized at
   Time to fix problem: 1 hour
   Action done to fix problem: needed to add in break statements

4. Problem: Read Dentry by Name not retrieving valid idx
   Symptom: Dentry always returning null
   Time to fix: 30 min
   Action done to fix problem: Wrong parameter checking. Comparing an inode number to the num of directories instead of num of inodes

5. Problem: Only able to display part of file
   Symptom: File buffer size too small
   Time to fix: 10 min
   Action done to fix problem: Increase buffer to max size

6. Problem: RTC test not printing on multiple lines
   Symptom: Continues printing on the same line on and on
   Time to fix: 10 min
   Action done to fix problem: Every 80 characters, printing '\n'

7. Problem: Terminal printing wraps around instead of next line
   Symptom: Rewrites on the same line
   Time to fix: 45 min
   Action dont to fix problem: Created a new putc function that goes to next line

3.3:
8. Problem: Getting a page fault whenever trying to copy program data to page at 128MB
   Symptom: We weren't allocatting a page at 128MB and weren't setting the present bit
   Time to fix: 20 min
   Action done to fix problem: Allocated the page

9. Problem: syserr test 4 failed
   Symptom: test was failing for helloo and shel
   Time to fix: 10 minutes
   Action done to fix problem: we needed to check string length when checking file validity in Dentry

10.Problem: Progams were not running as expected
   Symptom: We were loading program images at 128MB instead of slightly after, rendering the entry point inaccurate
   Time to fix: 30 min
   Action done to fix problem: Loaded program images at 0x08048000 instead

3.4:
11.Problem: cat stuck in infinite loop
   Symptom: Never returning 0 from read, not keeping track of position in file
   Time to fix: 10 min
   Action done to fix problem: added a position member to file descriptors that updates the file pos with every read

12.Problem: programs not executing in shell
   Symptom: buffers used to seperate file from args were not being cleared
   Time to fix: 30 min
   Action done to fix problem: clear these buffers with every call to execute

13.Problem: Open not working with correct parameter
   Symptom: We were using the inode number of a dentry to read it by index
   Time to fix: 10 min
   Action done to fix problem: Use index instead of inode

3.5:
14. Problem: Boot loop when terminals switch
    Symptom: We did not configure the remap paging properly
    Time to Fix: 1 hour
    Action done to fix problem: Changed the remap paging function
15. Problem: PIT doesn't receive interrupts after executing terminals
    Symptom: Forgot to send EOI to PIT
    Time to Fix: 1 hour
    Action done to fix problem: Changed the remap paging function
16. Problem: Execute only called in most recent shell ran
    Symptom: Did not flush TLB or save TSS when executing the first three shells in PIT handler
    Time to Fix: 3 hours
    Action done to fix problem: Added flush TLB and save tss to context switch
17. Problem: Execute only called in most recent shell ran
    Symptom: Did not flush TLB or save TSS when executing the first three shells in PIT handler
    Time to Fix: 3 hours
    Action done to fix problem: Added flush TLB and save tss to context switch
18> Problem: Fish in second terminal is changing a lot slower than first terminal
    Symptom: We did not implement the RTC virtualization
    Time to Fix: 1 hour
    Action done: We changed the terminal struct and added the appropriate functions to allow a different RTC frequency for each terminal